# Homework 1


# Homework 2
一，看图说话（不少于200字）

In the Middle Ages, the universe was viewed as a great machine whose creation and functioning reflected harmony in both proportion and symmetry. These qualities were imparted through the design by its Creator. Scholars of this period conceived the Christian God as the Great Geometer whose compass served as the “tool of creation”. They believed that God brought order to a divided earth in chaos. Things that look like the earth, sun, and stars, as well as the formless chaos awaiting its geometric formation in the middle. We can see in this picture, the Circle God is drawing is filled with This picture is a 13th century illustration was the frontispiece of the French Bible Moralisee. It depicts this belief of sacred geometry, which ascribes symbolic and sacred meanings to certain geometric shapes and certain geometric proportions. These geometric designs were used in the design and construction of religious structures, such as churches, temples, and mosques. And to pursue these principles was therefore to pursue and worship God.

二，阅读如下的材料，回答如下的问题（不少于300字）

During the Pre-Socartics era, Greek philosophers had started to consider the possibility that the Earth was not at the center of the universe nor was it stationary. For example, Anaximander proposed that the cosmos was infact spherical, and that the earth was stationary at its center. While the Pythagoreans proposed that the cosmos was spherical, that there was a fire in the center of the cosmos, and that the earth, moon, sun, and five visible planets rotated around this central fire. Aristarchus later proposed that the sun was the center of the cosmos and the earth rotated around the sun. A major reason for the dominance of the geocentric and geostatic model of the cosmos was Aristotle’s physics. His “physics” reflects his account of the natural world. There are two main differences between Aristotle’s physics and our modern physics.
First, Aristotle’s physics was qualitative, not quantitative. However, he did believe that mathematics was the proper language for describing the physical world. The second major difference between Aristotle’s physics and modern physics, is that his physics encompassed the entire natural world, and did not separate biology from astronomy. He proposed that the cosmos could be split into two separate realms, terrestrial and celestial. He describes that everything in the terrestrial realm could be split into four qualities, and describe how each element had a natural motion and a natural place. One of the key differences is the idea of substance. Unlike modern physics, he believed that the cosmos is not made up of elementary particles, but substances. Aristotle believed that shape, organization, and final cause, are essential to the understanding of substance, or formed matter. 
Aristotle physics was a fundamental understanding of matter and space that was consistent with logic and experience, which makes him an important figure in the advancement of science. Other main theories of Aristotelian physics are natural position, gravity, infinite universe, and continuum theory.
